this of this confrontation that of
suddenly burst into the middle of the world
among the sagüeros los maradona the theme
of benjamin in the middle always the subject
of the little ones in the middle is something that
it generates a lot of anguish not like the
nenes de wanda and maxi lópez and in this
case the little baby who is the one
the situation suffers because now there is
a pull a loosen that why it does not break
ends of understanding no yanina I travel with
baby so you can see your dad
It seems that his dad very much did not like it
to show it diego armando maradona
in your program and it seems that they grabbed
it's a strong discussion Yanina and her ex
brother-in-law or sister of the kun aguero
the issue is that to see one you can take
well you can take it wrong there may be
discussions but the little one was in
arms of his mom when this was generated
incident the fight and insults that what
more serious five years you have benjamin
that is understood if poor we are going to see
the details of what happened between the
grandparents and maradona
better than on the bunk I could take out
and then did ximena
and because I got used to taking it from
zurda is one of his backs a few cities
Doubts
This would have been one of the reasons
angered the kun aguero though all
ensure that the relationship with giannina
is full of short circuits months ago
is that the last weeks in Brazil
They were very agitated for Diego Maradona
and all around him the last fight
erupted on Saturday after the game of
argentina according to yanina benjamin
he did not want to get away from his mom and one of
the sisters of the kun insulted her in front
the child was later learned that aguero
he denounced her for obstructing the regime
of contact and for having issued images
of his son on TV but diego not
It took him a long time to make his opinion public and in
your program answered alcohol
Victor Hugo
today I got up with one
the call of my beach ni ná
the kun had sent him a
letter document why
I had shown my grandson in left-handed
this seems to me
an outrage because my daughter never
refused to see him on the contrary
that he remembers well
that when we were in place
he asked for one more week
one more week and the lawyers already have
the states of agreement
and I told him to leave it
why it seems
of coward you wanted it
the certain thing is that the lawyers of aguero
they made the judicial presentation against
yanina since I would not have let her see
his son on several occasions and as
If all this were not enough, the
rumors of pregnancy of the little princess
two
fatal shock